Add W3C Design Tokens to resources and tools (#5180)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/community/resources-and-tools/index.md

[GOV.UK Sketch Wireframing Kit](https://github.com/dwp/sketch_wireframing_kit) -
Sketch wireframes based on the GOV.UK Design System.

[W3C Design Tokens](https://github.com/Sulei-UK/GDS-Design-Tokens) - 

> A standards‑aligned, W3C‑compliant design token library supporting the GDS parent system and child variants including NHS, MoJ, and MoneyHelper. Fully compatible with Penpot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A design token library supporting the GOV.UK Design System and child variants including NHS, MoJ, and MoneyHelper.
```

Making 2 suggestions here:

1. The supporting content on this page is typically more matter of fact and less 'market-y' so I've removed the content pertaining to the quality of this resource
2. Replaced 'GDS parent system' with 'GOV.UK Design System' to call it what it is and distinguish it from GDS the organisation (GDS being an organisation within DSIT, of which the GOV.UK Design System is a small part of its digital estate)
